Changes made:
  1. Remove references to Segoe UI font
  2. Added in checks for library dependencies
  3. Versions of dependencies added into README.md
  4. Added comments everywhere.
  5. Remove UCSC hyperlinks
  6. Switch Entrez to search for gene ID column, which can be a gene ID (ensembl id) or gene symbol
  7. Create prep_data.R to import/merge expression and ontology data
  8. Call prep_data.R from global.R with user-specified args
  9. Introduce other aestethic args into global.R for other params
  10. Switch gene ontologies to be a list within a data frame, rather than a string separated by |, e.g. GO = c('kinase', 'nucleus') not GO = 'kinase|nucleus'
  11. Check that vars don't contain spaces in names
  12. Change filterExpr to be based on inputted data
  13. Changed main plot to a dot plot with error bars = avg +/- SEM.
  14. Added png/pdf save button to dot plot, comparison plot, volcano plot, PCA
  16. Added in filtering by gene description
  16. Changed ontology selects to allow multiple ontology selections
  17. Simplified sample naming: removed selMuscles, mapvalues
  18. Rounded all numbers within data file
  19. If Q doesn't exist (for 1 tissue or weird combos), set to NA
  20. Changed heatmap to heatmaply package; allows png export
  21. Added pdf/png button to dot plots
  22. Allow many:1 matching to ontologies
  23. Converted URLs into HTMLs for entrez links; also created them if they don't exist
  24. Replaced 0's in heatmap if using log scaling to be minimum val
  25. Added progress bars to inform when working
  26. Removed temp errors that occur as you switch b/w plots / initial loading
  27. Concatenated data_unique_id and data_merge_id together, if they're not equal.
  28. Removed requiring search string to be the start of the gene name, to allow for searching both by data_unique_id and data_merge_id
  29. Updated ontologies from NCBI.
  